Add a flag to enable recommendations (#121)
spiffe/helm-charts-hardened: charts/spire/README.md

| `global.spire.jwtIssuer`                     | The issuer for Spire JWT tokens. Defaults to oidc-discovery.$trustDomain if unset                                                                                                                                                      | `""`              |
| `global.spire.trustDomain`                   | The trust domain for Spire install                                                                                                                                                                                                     | `example.org`     |
| `global.spire.upstreamServerAddress`         | Set what address to use for the upstream server when using nested spire                                                                                                                                                                | `""`              |

> | `global.spire.recommendations.enabled`       | Enable usage of the recommendations. Default is off.                                                                                                                                                                                   | `false`           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `global.spire.recommendations.enabled`       | Use recommended values for production deployments. Default is off.                                                                                                                                                                                   | `false`           |
```

Reviewer: Sorry, put in the wrong spot.

Author: No worries.
